readme.md, before:

# jot
## A command-line note taking app built with Ada!

### setup
- install [Alire](https://alire.ada.dev/docs/#getting-started)
- pull repo
- `alr build`
### Create a jot
syntax:
```bash
jot <title> <tag1,tag2,tagN> <"body text">
```
ex:
```bash
jot new-title coding,random "lorem ipsum"
```
```bash
jot some-title examples "
This is a
multiline jot\!"
```
### List your jots
```
jot
```

### Search jots by title or tag
syntax:
```bash
jot <single-query>
```
ex:
```bash
jot coding
```

### Search jots by body text
syntax:
```bash
jot -b <query>
```
ex:
```bash
jot -b "this is a substring in a jot's body text"
```
You can also perform strict searches where a match only occurs if the first param matches a substring in the jot's title or tags and the second param matches a substring in the body.

syntax:
```bash
jot -b <title or tag search> <body search>
```
ex: 
```bash
jot -b html "class=\"custom-class\""
```

## Notes
Jots are currently saved as markdown in the jots/ directory in this project.  The location of this should be configurable - possibly by utilizing `jot-store.dat`.

## Todos

Commit message:

Chore/refactor flags (#1)
* flag refactor init

* refactor how flags are parsed

* update readme

* condensed search procedures

readme.md, after:

# jot
## A command-line note taking app built with Ada!

### setup
- install [Alire](https://alire.ada.dev/docs/#getting-started)
- pull repo
- `alr build`
### Create a jot
syntax:
```bash
jot <title> <tag1,tag2,tagN> <"body text">
```
ex:
```bash
jot new-title coding,random "lorem ipsum"
```
```bash
jot some-title examples "
This is a
multiline jot\!"
```
### List your jots
```
jot
```

### Search jots by title or tag
syntax:
```bash
jot <single-query>
```
or:
```bash
jot -t <single-query>
```
ex:
```bash
jot coding
```
```bash
jot -t coding
```
### Search jots by body text
syntax:
```bash
jot -b <query>
```
ex:
```bash
jot -b "this is a substring in a jot's body text"
```
You can also perform strict searches where a match only occurs if the first param matches a substring in the jot's title or tags and the second param matches a substring in the body. The order of flags doesn't matter.

syntax:
```bash
jot -tb <title or tag search> <body search>
```
ex: 
```bash
jot -tb html "class=\"custom-class\""
```

## Notes
Jots are currently saved as markdown in the jots/ directory in this project.  The location of this should be configurable - possibly by utilizing `jot-store.dat`.

## Todos
